---
layout: post
title: "Visa Interview Preparations"
date: 2020-10-30 00:00:00
categories: visa docs
---

## Documents Required

### Part 1 Personal Crucial DOCS

1. [ ] I-20 Form
2. [ ] Passport
3. [ ] SEVIS FEE Receipt
4. [ ] Adnit Letter of the College
5. [ ] GRE and TOEFL Score Reports
6. [ ] All other Admits/Rejects Letter

### Part 2 Finanical DOCS

1. [ ] Summary of Financial Status
2. [ ] Pass books/Bank monthly statements
3. [ ] Originals of all papers assets stated in the summary
4. [ ] PPF/LPF or the PF pass books or the statements
5. [ ] Sanction Letter (Bank Loan)

   #### Money Calculations

   1. Bank Balance (Saving A/C):
   2. Cash in hand:
   3. FDRs:
   4. Shares/Debentures:
   5. Recurring deposit:
   6. UTI/ICICI Bonds/MIS:
   7. EPF/PF/PPF:
   8. NSC/NSS/Patras:
   9. Insurance (Surrender Value):
   10. Any other property money:

   Grand Total: Rs. and Dollars(@75)

### Part 3 IT Returns

Income generated by Mr. and Mrs.:

1. 2019-2020:
2. 2018-2019:
3. 2017-2018:

Total income generated by the sponsors is: Rs. and Dollars(@75)

### Part 4 Fixed Assets

1. Flat:
2. Factory:
3. Land/Gala:
4. Furniture/Fixture:
5. Office:
6. Jewellery:
7. Any other fixed asset:

Grand Total: Rs. and Dollars(@75)

### Part 5 Educational Certificates

1. [ ] 10th and 12th Marksheets
2. [ ] Sem 1 to 7 Marksheets

### Part 6 Extra Curricular Activities

1. [ ] All other certificates

## Interview Questions

Q. Why this University and Course?  
A. I want to pursue my MSCS course through UTD, because:

I will be embarking my research oriented career in the field of Computer Science. As,this University provides a full fledge and comprehensive learning in:
1. Compiler Construction: It will help me to understand how the source code is converted to the machine code, with the prespective of the Computer's resource ultilization such as   
	1. Regsiter allocation using greedy algorithm  
    2. List Scheduling by heuristic search techniques
	3. Dead-code elimination via graph algorithm
	4. Instruction Selection by Dynamic Programming
	5. Scanning and Parsing
	6. Data-flow Analysis by Fixed point algorithm
2. Database Design: This subject will be based on orgainising Data into the efficient database model and proper tuning of the SQL Queries. Many a times the data from a Database is accessed frequently and given that the time taken for a SQL query to execute is near to insigicant but if written improperly with too many queries for a single task then these things may become time consuming and slow. Therefore, proper knowledge of the Database Design is highly required as it is used in almost every field of CS.
3. Design and Analysis of Computer Algorithms   
4. Advance concepts of Operating Systems and Compter Networks

Q. What is the benefit of Course to your Goal/Career?  
A. My final goal of taking this course is to be a good and a pragmatic software developer. In Computer Science there is no single/unique solution to any problem/domain. There are always atleast two or more than that possible solutions to a task at hand. Given this scenario, whenever I will be working for any Company back in India, I will use my gained experienced and knowledge to select the most suitable/approriate solution to solve an issue. Not only this helps in reducing time and efforts required, but also in avoiding the hurdles that might have occured with obtuseness in the field.

